docs: add a Kubernetes quick-start (#82)
graphops/docs: docs/launchpad/guides/kubernetes-guide.md

/usr/local/bin/cilium install
```

### Adding more control-plane nodes

> If you have gone with the default topology setup, *kubeadm* should be instantiating *etcd* instances co-located with your control-plane nodes. Given that and the fact that *etcd* is a majority quorum based system, it's specially important that for a high-availability setup you'll keep an ***odd*** (i.e: one, thee, five, ...) number of control-plane nodes. As such, the minimum number of control-plane nodes that can offer high-availability would be three.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have gone with the default topology setup, *kubeadm* should be instantiating *etcd* instances co-located with your control-plane nodes. Given that and the fact that *etcd* is a majority quorum based system, it's especially important that for a high-availability setup, you'll keep an ***odd*** (i.e: one, three, five, ...) number of control-plane nodes. As such, the minimum number of control-plane nodes that can offer high-availability would be three.
```

and then execute, on that node, the appropriate `kubeadm join` command as shown in the previous `kubeadm init` output.
For a control-plane node, that takes the form: 
```bash
kubeadm join <endpoint> --token <secret> --discovery-token-ca-cert-hash sha256:<hash> --control-plane --certificate-key <secret>
```

*Note*: the `kubeadm join` commands shown after bootstrapping the cluster or, rather, the secrets uploaded and displayed are temporary and expire after a certain time. In case you lost them or they've expired, you can re-upload new certificates and display the new ones, on the bootstrapping control-plane node, by running:
```bash
kubeadm init phase upload-certs --upload-certs
kubeadm token create --print-join-command
```

### Adding worker nodes

> To add worker nodes to your cluster, first get them ready for such by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add worker nodes to your cluster, first get them ready by:
```

- preparing the node OS as required
- provisioning the required tools and software as in the first bootstrapping node (container runtime engine, kubelet, kubeadm, kubectl, ...)

Next, you can run the appropriate `kubeadm join` command that was displayed at cluster bootstrap. It has the form:
```bash
kubeadm join <endpoint> --token <secret> --discovery-token-ca-cert-hash sha256:<hash>
```

In case you haven't saved that output, you can run (on one of the existing control-plane cluster members) the following command:
```bash
kubeadm token create --print-join-command
```

> which will display you the appropriate kubeadm join command and the relevant secrets, again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which will display the appropriate kubeadm join command and the relevant secrets, again.
```

systemctl enable --now crio
```

**7:** Install kubernetes pacakges:
```bash
curl -fsSL https://pkgs.k8s.io/core:/stable:/v${VERSION}/deb/Release.key | sudo gpg --dearmor -o /etc/apt/keyrings/kubernetes-apt-keyring.gpg
echo "deb [signed-by=/etc/apt/keyrings/kubernetes-apt-keyring.gpg] https://pkgs.k8s.io/core:/stable:/v${VERSION}/deb/ /" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/kubernetes.list
apt-get update
apt-get install -y kubelet kubeadm kubectl
```

**8:** Hold package versions so they don't auto-update:
```bash
apt-mark hold kubelet kubeadm kubectl
```

### Initialize the Cluster

**9:** Create a kubeadm config for initializing the Cluster:
```bash
cat << EOF > /tmp/cluster-config.yaml
apiVersion: kubeadm.k8s.io/v1beta3
kind: InitConfiguration
nodeRegistration:
  kubeletExtraArgs:
    cgroup-driver: systemd
    node-ip: 10.110.0.2
  taints: []
skipPhases:
  - addon/kube-proxy
---
apiVersion: kubeadm.k8s.io/v1beta3
kind: ClusterConfiguration
networking:
  serviceSubnet: "10.96.0.0/16"
  podSubnet: "10.10.0.0/16"
controllerManager:
  extraArgs:
    allocate-node-cidrs: "true"
    node-cidr-mask-size: "20"
kubernetesVersion: "v1.28.3"
controlPlaneEndpoint: 10.110.0.2 
EOF
```

> ***Note***: If you intend to setup a HA Cluster, you should take care of setting up the VIP beforehand (be it by creating a Load Balancer in a Cloud Provider, or using a bare-metal solution based on something like Keepalived). That VIP (or DNS) should go into the `controlPlaneEndpoint`, as changing this after creating the Cluster is an elaborate endeavor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Note***: If you intend to setup a HA Cluster, you should take care of setting up the VIP beforehand (be it by creating a Load Balancer in a Cloud Provider, or using a bare-metal solution based on something like [Keepalived](https://www.keepalived.org/)). That VIP (or DNS) should go into the `controlPlaneEndpoint`, as changing this after creating the Cluster is an elaborate endeavour.
```

> Here, we are also passing along a specific node-ip to guarantee the internal interface is gonna be used as the node we're using has multiple interfaces/IPs, and we're skipping kube-proxy install because we intend to use cilium CNI replacing kube-proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are specifying a particular node-IP to ensure usage of the internal interface, as our node has multiple interfaces/IPs. We are also skipping the kube-proxy installation because we plan to use Cilium CNI, which will replace kube-proxy.
```
